[Music]
Medical emergencies come unannounced with the right
insurance plan You can ensure you are always prepared
Today we will be
exploring the health insurance policy
plans of India's top three health
insurance brands to help you make informed
decisions for a secure future Let's
explore the comparison ADFC Rogo
ICICI Lombard Niva Bupa Let's
discuss the financial features here Are a few key
insights
[Music]
[Music] The
AAA Lombard plan and the Niva Bupa plan both
offer superior restoration benefits
comparatively
Claim while Niva Bupa plan limits claims
outside its network Final takeaway based
on the financial features Best for high
coverage
[Music]
BPA Lowest premium Best renewal bonus
and allow spouse edition Best for free
claim restoration ICICI Lombard
offers unlimited restoration with a 45 day cool
off period Now let's discuss the
eligibility here  There are a few key insights The
ADFC ERGO, ICICI Lumbard and Niva
Bupa all cover assisting illnesses after three
years Have a 30-day initial waiting period
and include a 24-month waiting period for
specific illnesses Choose a plan should be based
on coverage cost and additional benefits rather than
waiting time constraints Let's discuss
the claim and network support here There are a few key
insights The ICICI Lumbard and
the Niva Bupa plans both offer higher claim
settlement wait rather than
[Music]
hdfcfund.com Making it ideal for
frequency, it's
the ICICI Lumbard plan
provides the longest pre-
hospitalization coverage beneficial for
extended medical care before admission There are
no major differences in the hospitalization
at home and ambulance charges Benefits
across both plans for day care
treatments The ADFC ERGO and ICICI
Lumbard plan insures  Complete coverage for
short-term treatments that don't require
a 24-hour hospitalization The hdfc0cpdccb
and additional cash allowance
[music]
Donor cover and AYUSH treatment The ICICI
Lombard plan is the best option for
individuals seeking organ donor cover, AYUSH
treatment, and who are planning for
maternity coverage The Niva Bupa plan is the
best option for individuals seeking
organ donor cover, AYUSH treatment, and for
new parents expecting a baby Offers
newborn baby coverage right from day one Let's
discuss the wellness and preventive care Here are a few key
insights The HDFC
Cargo plan is ideal for those who want
regular health check-ups and e-consultation
for illnesses The ICICI Lombard plan
provides flexibility with optional health
check-ups but does not offer e-consultation The Niva
Bupa plan is suitable for those seeking a
monetary wellness benefit and e-  Consultation
Coverage Using a suitable health insurance
plan can make all the difference in securing
your future medical needs Speak with our
expert insurance advisor today Simply
In Show because life should be simple